PROJECT ARTICHOKE
ARTICHOKE was a mind control program that gathered information together with the intelligence divisions of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and FBI. In addition, the scope of the project was outlined in a memo dated January 1952 that stated, "Can we get control of an individual to the point where he will do our bidding against his will and even against fundamental laws of nature, such as self-preservation? 
Project Artichoke was the Central Intelligence Agency's secret code name for carrying out in-house and overseas experiments using LSD, hypnosis, and total isolation as a form of physiological harassment for special interrogations on human subjects. The subjects who left this project were fogged with amnesia, resulting in faulty and vague memories of the experience.


OPERATION MOMENTUM
Operation Momentum was a guerrilla training program during the Laotian Civil War. This Central Intelligence Agency operation raising a guerrilla force of Hmong hill-tribesmen in northeastern Laos was planned by James William Lair and carried out by the Thai Police Aerial Reinforcement Unit. Begun on 17 January 1961, the three-day Auto Defense Choc (Self Defense Shock) course graduated a clandestine guerrilla army of 5,000 warriors by 1 May, and of 9,000 by August. It scored its first success the day after the first ADC company graduated, on 21 January 1961, when 20 ADC troopers ambushed and killed 15 Pathet Lao.


OPERATION CHAOS
Operation CHAOS or Operation MHCHAOS was the code name (CIA cryptonym) of a United States Central Intelligence Agencydomestic espionage project targeting the American people from 1967 to 1974, established by President Johnson and expanded under President Nixon, whose mission was to uncover possible foreign influence on domestic race, anti-war and other protest movements. The operation was launched under Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) Richard Helms by chief of counter-intelligence James Jesus Angleton, and headed by Richard Ober. The "MH" designation is to signify the program had a worldwide area of operations.

PROJECT DARK GENE
Project Dark Gene was an aerial reconnaissance program run by the Central Intelligence Agency and Imperial Iranian Air Forcefrom bases inside Iran against the Soviet Union. The program was run in conjunction with Project Ibex, which was a more traditional ELINT mission. The first operations were during the 1960s with support of Iran's former Shah. Dedicated aircraft, air-bases, and U.S. personnel were stationed at numerous sites in Iran and would regularly fly across the border into the USSR through potential holes in their radar coverage. The intention of the program was to test the effectiveness of Soviet air defence and interception and resulted in one confirmed and possibly more combat losses in engagements with Soviet aircraft

JMWAVE
JMWAVE or JM/WAVE or JM WAVE was the codename for a major secret United States covert operations and intelligence gathering station operated by the CIA from 1961 until 1968. It was headquartered in Building 25 25.6202°N 80.3990°W on the South Campus of the University of Miami in Miami, Florida. (This location was formerly the site of Richmond Naval Air Station, an airship base about 12 miles south of the main campus; after the airship base closed, it has been used by the University of Miami since 1948.) The intelligence facility was also referred to as the CIA's "Miami Station" or "Wave Station".


TERRORIST PROFILES
1.
Abdul Rahman Yasin
1993 World Trade Center bombing
November 17, 1996	At large
Accused of constructing bombs in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. Aliff was allegedly a prisoner of Saddam Hussein in 2003, but has since gone missing from Iraq. He was not located during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

2.
Ibrahim Salih Mohammed Al-Yacoub
Khobar Towers bombing	June 25, 1996	At large
Wanted for Conspiracy to Kill U.S. Nationals; Conspiracy to Murder U.S. Employees; Conspiracy to Use Weapons of Mass Destruction Against U.S. Nationals; Conspiracy to Destroy Property of the U.S.; Conspiracy to Attack National Defense Utilities; Bombing Resulting in Death; Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction Against U.S. Nationals; Murder While Using Destructive Device During a Crime of Violence; Murder of Federal Employees; Attempted Murder of Federal Employees
3.
Ayman al-Zawahiri
1998 United States embassy bombings	August 7, 1998	At large
Osama bin-Laden's successor as Al-Qaeda's cheftain, Ayman al-Zawahiri is under indictment in the United States for his suspected role in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and Nairobi, Kenya. The Rewards for Justice Program of the U.S. Department of State is offering a reward of up to US$25 million for information about his location and capture.
4.
Ahmed Ghailani
1998 United States embassy bombings	August 7, 1998	Captured
Captured in Pakistan on July 25, 2004, and later held in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Ghailani was tried by a civilian court in New York in 2010 and convicted of conspiring to bomb the American embassies in Tanzania and Kenya. The jury however acquitted him of all other 284 charges, including attempted murder
5.
Anas al-Liby
1998 United States embassy bombings	August 7, 1998	Dead
Al-Liby was captured in Tripoli, Libya on October 5, 2013 by Delta Force commandos.[15] Abu Anas al Liby died on January 2, 2015 at a hospital in New York, aged 50, while in United States custody. He had liver disease as a result of hepatitis C.








